Okay, ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to, I almost did the fucking hammer thing
, but
I didn't, I stopped myself.
I am going to show you guys how to set up your campaign structure.
And we're going to do this in Facebook.
We're going to set up a campaign.
It is, so it's actually meta ads, not Facebook.
So we'll run on both Facebook and Instagram when I'm about to teach you.
And although I am just teaching you how to set up on meta, the setup is very,
very similar
for all platforms.
So this will be applicable to TikTok, Google ads, everything else slightly
different.
But this is, first of all, what my main expertise is, is meta ads.
And also it's what I recommend starting with.
So that's why I'm showing it.
But everything I show here, it's pretty transferable.
So let's jump into the platform.
You're going to want to go to business.facebook.com.
Actually, go to ads manager dot Facebook.com and it will redirect you here.
I don't, maybe business dot Facebook.com also goes here, but I know that link
works.
And you're going to want to log in.
So I'm going to log into my account.
Can I pause my record?
I don't know.
Oh, they can't, okay.
You guys can't see my password.
Nice.
I thought for a second you were able to see it.
Beautiful.
Okay.
Just log in, got some two factor authentication.
You guys should be creating an account instead of logging into one unless you
already have
one.
Okay.
Trust this device.
Boom.
We are in.
So when you get in, you will maybe see one thing like this.
Let me delete this so I could kind of show what you guys will see.
To be honest, do I know how to delete?
Nice.
Okay.
Cool.
So you'll see something like this.
No results found.
You have not created any ads yet.
This is the campaign section of the Facebook ad manager.
And they're maybe an, I don't think there's non-boarding, but if there is an
onboarding,
there are all kinds of tutorials on getting set up on Facebook ads and getting
to this
step.
But it should be straightforward.
Just follow the instructions.
Make sure you're with me here in the campaign tab.
So what we're going to want to do is create a new campaign.
I'm actually going to switch into the Cal AI account because, because, oh, here
are all
of our ads.
You can see we spent $374,000 in the last 30 days on meta ads.
I don't know what we spent in the last week.
What are we spending yesterday?
Yesterday, 9K.
Last seven days, 72K.
I want to see last month.
Last month, 390.
This month, two to ugs, the month isn't over yet.
Okay.
Cool.
But yeah, we've been scaling paid ads pretty heavily the last few months.
We were never really taking it seriously until recently.
But let's jump into this.
Okay.
Let's go to today.
Let's go to hide everything.
Okay.
So, you'll see like a blank thing.
You won't see anything.
And we're going to want to create a new campaign.
This campaign is the campaign we will run our ads through.
It is, it's your first campaign.
This is where you're running paid ads to.
You're going to be generating sales through here.
The campaign objective, so this goes to one of the other things we were
discussing before,
how you go to awareness.
We're just showing people stuff, traffic, it's setting people to a website.
There's engagement where it's getting people to like the video.
It leads, which I've been used, but I believe that's more for in person
businesses.
App promotion, that is what we want to do.
Get people to install your app.
We get app installs and app events tracked and then sales and this is for e-
commerce
source.
So, we'll do app promotion.
We'll continue going through.
You should name it like whatever you want really like there is a bunch of
structure that
you could really go deep into in the details of naming conventions to make sure
you're
super organized.
For this, since it's just your first campaign, it doesn't matter.
Again, what I'm teaching you guys is how to get it off the ground so that
someone can
eventually take it off your hands or you could build upon the knowledge
yourself.
So here I wouldn't stress about it, but name it something.
Name it something good like, I would name it like, "Cal AI campaign 1."
Shit, campaign 1.
But do whatever you want.
Yeah, I'm going to call it test for this case.
You know what, tutorial campaign.
Alright, I'm really overcoming getting the name.
So we're going to go through campaign details, buying type auction.
Nice, we do want to keep it like that.
Campaign objective, app promotion.
That's good.
Let's see, show more settings, a spending limit.
None, none right now.
We don't want to set a spending limit.
So campaign budget.
We want to switch this.
There are two concepts here.
It's CBO and ABO.
CBO is campaign budget optimization.
ABO is ad set budget optimization.
And the difference is if you choose campaign budget optimization, you'll see
first we're
creating this campaign and then within the campaign we create ad sets.
And within ad sets you'll have the unique ads, the unique videos.
That's how it is structured.
So you can see up here campaign ad sets ads.
And if you choose campaign budget optimization, you set the budget at the
campaign level and
then the algorithm will determine how much to spend in each ad set based on
what it thinks
will perform the best.
But because we are just getting started, we want to have two ad sets, a testers
ad set
and a winners ad set.
And I'll get more into why we're going to have them, how they're going to work
together.
But essentially the testers ad set is going to be spending less money every day
.
It's going to be where we just throw in creatives that we think will work, will
convert.
And the winning ad set will be all of the ads that perform well in the testing
ad set.
We'll move them from testing to winners.
So let's go to ad set budget.
iOS 14 plus campaign, we need to put that on.
This is due to Apple's privacy rules.
If we have this off, we will not deliver ads to people with iOS 14 plus and how
many people,
how many iPhone users are on iPhone iOS 14 plus?
Okay, more than 72%, I think it's actually a lot more than this.
Let's see.
Yeah.
So it's like at this point, there's like maybe 0.5%, maybe 1% of people max
using iOS 14 plus.
You can see 96% of people already switched iOS 15 from 14 and that number is
just going
to keep going up.
So very few people, you'll be targeting very, very few people.
And so even though you'll be able to get more in depth attribution tracking,
you will not
be targeting people new phones.
And if you're not targeting people new phones, iOS 14 was on phones like five
years ago or
something.
If you're targeting people with phones from five years ago, you will bet, you
better bet
that they're not going to buy your product.
They do not have money to spend.
So you will need to select the app that you want people to use an insult.
This is something you'll have to set up.
Let's see.
If I can't find my app, so you will need to set up your app on meta for
developers.
Oops.
So let's go through this.
I'm not going to do all of this again.
It's looking very annoying, but I'll show you.
Set up your app on meta for developers.
That was my speech of five plugin.
No, the founder of this cliff.
Really, really cool.
Set up your app on meta for developers.
Oops.
Okay.
Get started with app events on iOS.
So just follow this guide developers at Facebook.com/docs/ whatever you see it
here.
Just go copy that and go through the tutorial to basically set up your app.
And you will also want to, you'll need to do a little bit of coding within your
app to
completely set it up.
But it's nothing crazy.
It shows you step by step how to do everything.
Cool.
So either do it yourself or send it to your developer or whatever you're using.
And for the sake of this tutorial, we're only showing iOS ads.
So it is a whole new story.
So okay.
Make sure you set up your app.
After you set up your app, it should show here.
So here we go, "Cal AI."
Boom.
Click on it.
Hopefully it's not sensitive showing my app ID.
I don't imagine it would be, but okay.
We go through and now we hit next.
No other settings we want to change.
Now we are in the ad set level.
And like I explained before, we want a testers ad set and a winners ad set.
So for the testers, I recommend you start minimum $20 a day.
And for the winners ad set, I suggest a minimum of 100.
But actually the winners, that's a little more nuanced.
So we're going to get to that later.
But for the testers, $20 a day, something important for you to understand is
this idea
of a learning phase.
When you first create an ad on Facebook ads, when you first have an ad running,
it needs
to go through this learning phase where until it gets 50 events, 50 conversions
, 50, whatever
you're optimizing for, it will basically still be in this learning phase.
And technically the algorithm hasn't found its like core target, core
demographic yet.
And on $20 a day, we're going to assume.
So first of all, we're going to get to this in a second.
You know, actually this will make more sense.
So I'm going to put a fucking pin in here.
Let's just go through.
So $20 a day.
And our, which we didn't actually put yet, but performance goal, maximize the
number of
app installs.
So that's what it is by default.
We want to maximize for the number of app events.
This is something that you're going to have to set up with your MMP, which
should be in
the development section of the course.
If not, there are plenty of tutorials on apps, flyer and adjust are the two
biggest ones.
And the event we want to use is the, it's going to either be purchase,
subscribe, or
for our sake for Kali, I we do start trial.
And the reason we do start trial and not purchase or not conversion is because
you want
as much data, you want to try to keep all data that's sent back within a 24
hour window.
If it's within a 24 hour window, you will have the least data drop off.
This is another thing with Apple's privacy thing where it's pretty fucking
annoying.
If you have a three day trial and you wait three days to send back, okay, this
person
did subscribe, a lot of that did actually can be lost.
So you want to try to get everything back as soon as possible within 24 hours.
And this has to do with attribution windows.
There's one day click and seven day click.
If you do seven day click, then technically you can still get data three days
later.
If you do one day click, you cannot.
And I believe that somewhere down here that we're going to set, but just do
make sure
it's set to an event that happens within 24 hours.
This is partially for getting data back clean with Apple's privacy things, not
blocking
us, but then secondly, it's so that the algorithm can learn faster.
If it has to wait three days to get results of, oh, is this a good, is this
someone who
will purchase or not, then your learning will be very, very slow.
We'll take a long time to figure out who likes your product.
So that's, that's what I recommend is either start trial or if you don't have a
free trial
then just purchase is also okay.
And if you're a freemium app, then it's more difficult.
That is something where you may want to optimize for some kind of core event
that happens in
the first 24 hours that causes or that has a heavy correlation with the user
being very
likely to end up paying.
That's more complex though.
I recommend for all of your apps, you basically hard paywall, which means put
the paywall
right away upfront.
That's at least works the best for paid ads influencer marketing because you'll
have direct
attribution.
You'll know right away.
Okay.
Like was this video profitable?
Was it not?
If you have freemium, it gets a lot more convoluted because then cohorts will
convert over longer
time horizons and you have slower learnings.
So we're optimizing for the start trial and now going back to this.
So there's this idea of a cost per result.
It's the cost per whatever event you set.
Our cost per result, it's the cost of the start trial event.
And for new apps, it's probably going to be pretty high.
Your app is probably not going to be super optimized.
And therefore, you could assume your cost per result.
It's going to be in the tens of it.
It very much so depends, very determinant on your price, your onboarding flow,
how much
people want it, how much competition you have, the price of your competitors,
all of that.
And something with paid ads actually specifically is people who's recommend
doing a really high
price, like $100 a year subscriptions.
And a lot of people believe if you don't price higher than like $70 a year, you
just can't
scale paid ads.
With Cal AI, we found that's not true because we sell $30 a year subscriptions
and we are
very profitable with paid ads.
But that is something a lot of people say.
And that's just because some industries are so saturated that your customer
acquisition
cost or your cost per result actually in this case will be so much higher than
your price.
And so you have to increase your price in order for it to be profitable.
And generally as you increase your price, the cost per result will increase as
well.
If you lower it, it will generally lower as well.
And it's like this weird curve, it will plateau at some point or whatever.
Okay.
So the $20 per day, assuming that your cost per result is like $10 and that's
the cost
per result of a Cal AI trial star about that's what we optimize for.
So yours is probably actually going to be worse than that, I'd imagine, because
your app isn't
going to be optimized right away.
Again, it does depend on so many things like your price.
But you want to make sure that you're spending enough in the test ad set where
you will, you
don't necessarily need to get out of learn the learning phase right away,
because you
could still see generally what at how ads are performing without being out of
learning
phase for starting out for like the first few tests you run.
So I'd suggest starting low, maybe like $20 a day on your test ad set.
And then through that, you'll be able to see which ads have the lowest cost per
result.
And then after you see kind of what your cost per result ends up being the
lowest cost per
result possible, because like let's say your cost per result really is $10.
That will take, you need 50 conversions to get out of it, you're getting two
conversions
a day if you're only spending $20 a day.
So it's going to take 25 days, it's three and a half weeks.
And we're not waiting three and a half weeks to know if a test is, if an ad is
profitable.
So we're going to run a few ads on this low, on this limited budget, see which
ones do
well, double down on those creatives.
We're going to talk about creatives in the next module, but essentially you're
going
to want to just test all kinds of different angles, see what does good double
down.
Once you found the angles that you think works the best, and you see what your
cost per
result kind of the lowest cost per result possible is, then it's, then you have
to raise
your budgets so that you're getting at least 50 conversions a week.
Otherwise you're not going to be able to move fast enough.
So that's why paid ads is difficult to start.
It's also expensive to start.
It may not be the best thing for everyone if you're on a very tight budget, but
you might
need to be spending $100 a day on your testers ad set just to see if stuff is
profitable.
Just to test.
And that's not even like the goal of the testers ad set isn't even trying to be
profitable.
We're going to get more into this.
So let's keep going through cost per result goal.
This is something where you could basically tell the algorithm, I'm trying to
keep my
cost per result goal around this number.
And it's not something I recommend starting with.
If your cost per result goal is extremely high, you could play around trying
things out
here.
Some people swear against this because they think, okay, have you put your cost
per
result goal here, meta will try to keep it profitable, but decrease the margin
so you're
not making as much profit, but it's still getting you that goal.
These are like some theories and loopholes about how the algorithm works.
We are using it on some campaigns for Cali.
And it's been working kind of well for us.
It's interesting.
Like the slightest change, you change it half a half a dollar in your cost per
result
goal and it will drop or increase the cost per result like the spending to
actually,
this is cost per result goal.
This is not cost cap.
So that's actually different what I was saying for Cali.
We do something called cost caps where we literally don't let it spend more
than a certain
amount to acquire a customer.
So okay, cost per result goal.
Yeah, don't put anything.
This is what I was saying about the attribution settings.
You could have seven a click or one day click.
Generally, one day click is better for faster learnings.
I would actually suggest starting on one day click because then the algorithm
will learn
faster if you're only sending data back in the 24 hour window.
If you do have a three day trial and you're going to optimize on a conversion
at the end
of the three day trial, which for some apps, like I said in the beginning,
nothing is what
you have to do.
These are all just generally what works the best for my experience.
So you could try that.
I definitely encourage experimentation.
One day click, I would suggest starting with because that's how you can get the
fastest
learnings, the algorithm will learn the fastest to find your core users.
So daily budget is the testers.
So yo, $20 a day.
Start day and date none.
Blah, blah, blah.
No saved audience or anything.
Okay.
Locations, inclusion.
So right now, I guess we have a default to the US is what we do for Cali.
That may be best, honestly, for yeah, that's I would recommend doing that.
Because what you'll eventually do is you'll have a bunch of different campaigns
for different
countries.
The US always says the most money to spend.
So I would suggest starting with just the US.
Sometimes people like to bundle in Canada because Canada consumers are similar
to United
States.
So you could try both, but start with the US.
From age 18, this is something that's kind of important to do.
I guess it's the lowest you can do.
But yeah, okay.
Yeah, just keep it 18.
It doesn't really matter.
It's just like people that are under 18 have less money to spend.
So low conversion rates, whatever.
If you have a free trial, oftentimes you may get a lot of people starting a
trial that
are young, but they won't actually convert from trial to paying if they're too
young.
Okay, we keep on going through.
Keep on going through placements, blah, blah.
Okay.
Boom.
Sea apples, fucking privacy rules getting in the way of things, but all right,
we're
going to click next.
And now we created our test ad set.
So now this is where we can upload our first ad.
So test add one.
Oops.
Test add one.
So in here, we're not actually going to upload it yet.
This is this does show you how to upload now though.
So I'll walk you through really quick.
No, actually we will.
We're going to publish this as is.
I'm actually going to delete that test ad.
We probably could have just not launched with that.
Okay.
It's publishing the changes.
Boom.
So tutorial campaign we yell in.
We see the ad set.
This should be the testers ad set.
If it loads.
We shall see if it loads.
Dude, sometimes these platforms suck.
Maybe my wifi is just though.
Okay.
Testers ad set.
So budget $20 a day.
You can change it here.
And we're going to go inside.
This is our first ad.
So we do not want this ad actually.
Let me edit this and delete it.
Boom.
Okay.
Well, we do actually want to start creating ads.
So inside the testers campaign, you will want to create some ads.
So name this ad.
I assume you could have done it back then.
But okay.
Testers one.
This is where you'll actually drop your ads.
And I'd suggest dropping like a few at a time that are different angles, at
least in the
beginning, maybe like try to record five to 10 completely different angles.
Just throw them all in the test ads.
And the algorithm will figure out what is spending the best.
And we're going to get into creatives in the next segment.
But okay.
So you don't need to do much manual upload, single image or video.
Something interesting you could do is custom product pitch, which we're going
to get into
later that can help you override Apple's privacy bullshit.
Okay.
I've actually peed really badly.
So yeah, after this, I'm going to take a break, but.
Add creative boom.
So add creative video ad.
And then here you can upload it.
I guess we have a bunch here.
So yeah, you could click upload and send them.
I'm just going to put one in that we already have.
You could edit it if you need to.
It will show you what it will kind of look like.
You want to write a primary text.
And this is something you're going to need to experiment with.
I recommend doing like a main call to action.
Let's actually see what we do on the main Cali I wants as a reference.
So on the main Cali I adds, we will write.
We write AI can now count your calorie just from a photo.
Cali I turns your camera into a smart tracker, giving you instant nutritional
breakdowns.
You can hit your goals without wasting time on manual logging.
And the headline AI counts your food for you.
So you could see what it looks like here.
AI can't your food for you.
AI can not count your calories.
It looks like an organic post almost.
This is what it looks like on Facebook.
And then this is what it looks like on Instagram.
So you could put whatever you want here.
But yeah, the headline should be like short and sweet.
The primary text is more of like a description of what your app is.
And to be honest, this doesn't matter too much.
Just try to sound really authentic with the brand messaging.
Try not to sound like an ad.
If you sound too much like an ad, you're not going to fucking convert.
And that's the biggest thing at the end of the day.
Everything to do with distribution and advertisement is a game of just coming
off as authentic.
If you write like if you do the typical salesman stuff and it's like do you
want to do you
want to get in shape for the summer?
Well you need Cal AI and it's 20% off for the next few weeks by today.
It's like no one's going to convert.
Yes, a small amount will.
But that sounds way worse being like yo, bro, it's time for that summer cut.
Let's get on it at Cal AI, something like that.
It sounds way more authentic.
And that's what people like to see at the end of the day in this world of
internet marketing.
People do not trust brands.
You don't.
It's the truth.
So you have to sound like you're a cool guy.
It sounds just like a cool dude.
So write your primary text, write your headline, do whatever you want there.
I'll show you what we have.
And then the call to action, usually we do download.
Download install now.
I don't think this matters.
This is all stuff you can test and play around with.
You actually didn't do much testing on this.
Early on, we just wrote something and it's just stuck.
So ask Traged
and then you'll see all of it's done.
It will finally start spending.
Because the ad set is $20 a day.
All of the ads in here, essentially the algorithm will, it won't spend them
evenly necessarily.
It will usually pick out the best one and put like 90% of the budget into the
best one.
And the strategy essentially looks like what you'll want to do is just see
whichever ad
is getting the most money put into it.
You could change these columns though.
I don't know if your columns are probably not ordered like this.
I realize you could go in here.
And then you can go in here and click on the next column.
And then you can click on the next column.
You could like move it around to in the customize and in the custom columns.
So this is how I put it.
We'll show you how much it's spending.
And you'll want to rank all the ads you have after like a few days of it
running $20 a day.
You'll want to put highest to lowest spending.
And whatever is the highest spending, for some reason the algorithm really has
a bias
towards it.
If the cost per result is super unprofitable, extremely unprofitable or not
extreme, but
if it's just pretty unprofitable, you will want to turn off the ad.
You want to turn it off.
And that will allow the algorithm to start spending in other ads because like I
said,
it will choose one and then just put all of the fuel into that one.
And so if it's not profitable, you want to give the algorithm a chance to test
the other
ones.
Generally, it's going to pick whatever will have the lowest cost per result if
that's
what you're optimizing for.
But it's still a good thing if you see like one of them is getting $19 a day
and the other
one are getting a few cents.
They're probably not getting enough.
It's not necessarily enough testing done to know if it's profitable.
Honestly, for the most time, it will be correct.
The algorithm will work.
So like in bulk, you can just start uploading a ton.
You could upload up to 50 ads in an ad set, I believe.
So you could just keep uploading and then whichever is getting the most spend,
it's
probably going to have the lowest cost per result as well.
So if you see that it's unprofitable, we turn it off, we upload new ones.
If you see that it's profitable, usually by the way, what most people do is
they'll wait
until an ad gets $100 in spending, $100 in spending unprofitably, then they'll
turn it
off.
And if it's $100 in spending profitably, then they will move it to the winners
ad set.
And we're going to talk about that soon.
But that's a strat right now.
It's just like create a ton of different angles.
If you see an angle that's working really well, create more content in that
angle and
we're going to talk about creatives.
If something is doing really good in testers, I would suggest starting to scale
the testers
ad set.
What you'll want to do is scale up the budget from $20 daily to, well, you'll
want to go
up 20 to 30 percent every like two days, two to three days that it's profitable
.
If you increase the budget more than 20 to 30 percent, more than 30 percent,
actually
it will go into learning again.
And you don't want your ads to go into learning all the time because then that
takes a while
to get out of learning.
It's not a bad thing every once in a while to go and learn, especially if your
budget
is high enough where you're getting the 50 conversions every single day, then
getting
and learning is not a problem.
But if it's like $20 a day you're spending and so it's going to take weeks to
get out
of learning, it would be pretty devastating to put an ad back into learning.
So it's going to hurt performance.
It's going to hurt performance for a little.
The algorithm will start like relearning what works almost from like, yeah, not
from
scratch.
It may throw things off for your ads performance.
So I know I'm throwing a lot of just dense information at you.
To bring it all down, what you're going to want to do is create the campaign,
create
the ad set as I showed you.
In the testers ad set you're just going to want to start throwing ads in here
and the
ones that are doing good, you will want to, you'll want to keep, if they get $
100 in spend
and they're unprofitable, just turn them off.
So then we will create another ad set and this will be the winners.
Winners ad set.
So this will have the same things but this will have more money.
$100 a day.
This ad set is for all of the ads that are actually profitable.
It's for all the ads that worked in the testers.
Anything that got $100 in spending and their cost per result was a profitable
cost per
result.
What you'll want to do is, this is inside the testers, you'll want to click
duplicate existing
campaign.
Oh shit, original campaign.
Actually, on zim.
I'm not, okay.
Yeah, actually no idea.
We're going to figure this out.
Duplicate existing campaign, existing ads set instead of the existing ads that
we get
are winners.
So we'll duplicate it there and what this will do is it will move over the ad
to the
winners campaign.
So once you do that, I think it's the objective mismatch.
Oh, the objective here was app events.
We did not make it search.
Okay, cool.
That should get rid of the errors.
We just got to save that.
So now in winners, since we moved it over, you will have the ad that we copied
over.
It copied everything.
Okay.
I'm going to go P.I'll be right back.
I'm back.
So I just changed this sheet right now.
When the ad hits $100, we want to either turn it off or move it to the winners
ad set.
I just wanted to clarify that on the sheet.
The whole $20 thing and scaling.
So just like full circle, I just want to collect our thoughts because this is
super long module.
We went through a lot.
Ideally, you can increase the testers ad set from $20 a day to more.
The reason you actually have to start at 20 should have mentioned this.
When you first create an ad account, it limits you to like $50 a day max.
And then the second week, you could do $150 a day and then third week, maybe
200 or 300.
It just keeps scaling.
So you have to kind of start slow.
You have to start slow.
In terms of increasing the budget, you can do it for that you should do it for
both the
testers and winners, but primarily you're going to want to scale up the winners
, not
necessarily the testers.
Like the testers at the scale you guys are going to be operating, you probably
only need
it at like $100 a couple hundred dollars a day max for a Cal AI.
Let's look at our testers.
Our hours is very complicated.
We have a lot of campaigns, but here's like, let's look at our amount spent.
So okay, this is a testing campaign and we spent $933 today and today's not
over yet.
So this is probably unlike $2,000 a day to this one, to this one at test
campaign.
And by the way, we're doing testing at the campaign level and not the ad set
level, which
is another difference.
But this is more complex.
You guys don't need to worry about this stuff.
Cool.
Yeah, just to like go through here.
So you guys get some like value.
I mean, this is like, so you'll see eventually as you start scaling, you'll be
able to see
the amount you're spending the cost per result.
And the cost per result, we're going to talk about this more, but it's because
of Apple's
privacy rules.
They're never actually accurate.
Usually they're about 50% better or it could be up to 50% better is usually the
case.
Budget impressions, click through it.
That's like an important thing for creatives we'll get into, but all right,
whatever.
Can't give you guys.
I think this is a good amount of info for one module.
Anything I'm forgetting?
I don't know.
Honestly, I might have missed stuff.
I know that this specific module was confusing.
It was a lot, a lot I just threw at you and I want to reiterate, I'm not an
expert at
Paydas.
We primarily grew Kalei through influencer marketing.
I started the Paydads.
I spoke to a lot of founders to learn their strategies.
And then I ultimately hired someone on the team to take over.
So this should give you the ability to get started and obviously finish the
rest of the
modules.
You're not there yet.
Slow down motherfucker.
But when you do finish it, you'll be able to get it started yourself.
You'll be able to spend it.
You should be able to scale to a good amount of daily ad spend.
With this strategy, you could probably scale to like 5k a day before things are
going to
start seriously getting fucked up and broken.
Let's move on to the next step.
[ Silence ]